= Terraform provider for OCM

Still WIP at the moment.

== Build

To build the provider use the `make` command.

== Use

Currently the provider isn't available in any public registry, so you will need
to build it:

....
$ make build
....

This will create a local Terraform plugin registry in the directory
`.terraform.d/plugins` of the project. Assuming that you have the project
checked out in `/files/projects/terraform-provider-ocm/repository` you will
need to add something like this to your Terraform CLI configuration file:

....
provider_installation {
  filesystem_mirror {
    path    = "/files/projects/terraform-provider-ocm/repository/.terraform.d/plugins"
    include = ["localhost/*/*"]
  }
}
....

If you don't want to change your global CLI configuation file you can put this
in any file you like and then use the `TF_CLI_CONFIG_FILE` environment variable
to point to it. For example, put the configuration in
`/files/projects/terraform-provider-ocm/terraform.rc` and then set the
environment variable pointing to it:

....
$ cat >/files/projects/terraform-provider-ocm/terraform.rc <<.
provider_installation {
  filesystem_mirror {
    path    = "/files/projects/terraform-provider-ocm/repository/.terraform.d/plugins"
    include = ["localhost/*/*"]
  }
}
.
$ export TF_CLI_CONFIG_FILE=/files/projects/terraform-provider-ocm/terraform.rc
....

Once your configuration is ready you can go to the directory containing the
Terraform `.tf` files and run the `terraform init` and `terraform apply`
commands:

....
$ terraform init
$ terraform apply
....

To see the debug log of the provider set the `TF_LOG` environment variable to
`DEBUG` before running the `terraform apply` command:

....
$ export TF_LOG=DEBUG
$ terraform apply
....

== Examples

The `examples` directory contains some examples, together with _Makefiles_ to
simplify their use. For example, to run the `create_cluster` example:

....
$ make build
$ cd examples/create_cluster
$ make
....

Note that this examples expect that you have the `ocm` command line utility
installed, and use it to get a valid access token (with `ocm token`***REMOVED*** and put it
in the `OCM_TOKEN` environment variable where the provider gets the token by
default.

Use the `make clean` command to remove the `.terraform` and `terraform.tfstate`
files so that the next time you run the example it starts from scratch.
